In this lesson, you'll learn to manipulate data in your spreadsheet.
You already know how to paste data into your spreadsheet,
and delete and insert rows and columns.
But in this lesson, we'll go farther.
We'll start at the cell level with cell formulas.
A typical use case in working with spreadsheets is to put
together a formula in a cell and then duplicated in more rows.
It all starts with getting the first cell formula right,
and you're going to learn how to do that.
You'll learn to manipulate text data with functions and
combine and split text in various ways.
Then, you'll learn to manipulate
numerical data using basic math and statistical functions.
After working at the cell level,
we'll move on to table level data manipulations.
You'll learn how to remove duplicate rows and how to split columns.
These procedures are useful for cleaning your data.
You'll learn how to sort and filter your data.
The filtering tools have a number of powerful information features built in.
So, we'll take time to explore these features.
As always, be sure to do the quizzes and exercises in your own spreadsheet application,
because this is how you will best retain what's presented,
by doing it yourself. Here we go.